always be up - to - date with the latest features and support for all boards. follow [ 3 ] to start coding on the browser and upload your sketches onto your board. 7. 3 getting started - arduino cloud all arduino iot enabled products are supported on arduino cloud which allows you to log, graph and analyze sensor data, trigger events, and automate your home or business. 7. 4 online resources now that you have gone through the basics of what you can do with the board you can explore the endless possibilities it provides by checking exciting projects on projecthub [ 4 ], the arduino library reference [ 5 ], and the online store [ 6 ] ; where you will be able to complement your board with sensors, actuators and more. 7. 5 board recovery all arduino boards have a built - in bootloader which allows flashing the board via usb. in case a sketch locks up the processor and the board is not reachable anymore via usb, it is possible to enter bootloader mode by double - tapping the reset button right after the power - up. arduino due 22 / 50 arduino due modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 8 mechanical information the arduino due is a microcontroller board measuring 101. 52 mm x 53. 3 mm, featuring two usb - b connectors and a big quantity of gpio pins headers. 8. 1 board dimensions the arduino due board outline and mounting holes dimensions are shown in the figure below ; all the dimensions are in mm. arduino due mounting holes and board outline arduino due 23 / 50 arduino due modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 8. 2 board connectors connectors of the arduino due are placed on the left side of the board ; their placement is shown in the figure below. all the dimensions are in mm. arduino due technical drawing arduino due 24 / 50 arduino due modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 9 certifications 9. 1 certifications summary certification status ce / red ( europe ) yes ukca ( uk ) yes fcc ( usa ) yes ic ( canada ) yes rcm ( australia ) yes rohs yes reach yes weee yes 9. 2 declaration of conformity ce doc ( eu ) we declare under our sole responsibility that the products above are in conformity with the essential requirements of the following eu directives and therefore qualify for free movement within markets comprising the european union (