generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. however, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. if this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures : reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. consult the dealer or an experienced radio / tv technician for help. english : user manuals for license - exempt radio apparatus shall contain the following or equivalent notice in a conspicuous location in the user manual or alternatively on the device or both. this device complies with industry canada license - exempt rss standard ( s ). operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause interference arduino due 26 / 50 arduino due modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. french : le prsent appareil est conforme aux cnr dindustrie canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. lexploitation est autorise aux deux conditions suivantes : ( 1 ) l appareil nedoit pas produire de brouillage ( 2 ) lutilisateur de lappareil doit accepter tout brouillage radiolectrique subi, mme si le brouillage est susceptible den compromettre le fonctionnement. ic sar warning : english : this equipment should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between the radiator and your body. french : lors de l installation et de l exploitation de ce dispositif, la distance entre le radiateur et le corps est d au moins 20 cm. important : the operating temperature of the eut cant exceed 85 and shouldnt be lower than - 40. hereby, arduino s. r. l. declares that this product is in compliance with essential requirements and other relevant provisions of directive 2014 / 53 / eu. this product is allowed to be used in all eu member states. company information company name arduino srl