as part of our reasonable due diligence, arduino has contacted component suppliers within our supply chain to verify their continued compliance with the regulations. based on the information received thus far we declare that our products contain conflict minerals sourced from conflict - free areas. 9. 5 fcc caution any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the users authority to operate the equipment. this device complies with part 15 of the fcc rules. operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause harmful interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. fcc rf radiation exposure statement : 1. this transmitter must not be co - located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 2. this equipment complies with rf radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 3. this equipment should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between the radiator & your body. note : this equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a class b digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the fcc rules. these limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. this equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. however, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. if this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures : reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. consult the dealer or an experienced radio / tv technician for help. english : user manuals for license - exempt radio apparatus shall contain the following or equivalent notice in a conspicuous location in the user manual or alternatively on the device or both. this device complies with industry canada license - exempt rss standard ( s ). operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause interference arduino due 26 / 50 arduino due modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. french :