conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause harmful interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. fcc rf radiation exposure statement : 1. this transmitter must not be co - located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 2. this equipment complies with rf radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 3. this equipment should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between the radiator & your body. english : user manuals for licence - exempt radio apparatus shall contain the following or equivalent notice in a conspicuous location in the user manual or alternatively on the device or both. this device complies with industry canada licence - exempt rss standard ( s ). operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. french : le prsent appareil est conforme aux cnr dindustrie canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. lexploitation est autorise aux deux conditions suivantes : ( 1 ) l appareil nedoit pas produire de brouillage ( 2 ) lutilisateur de lappareil doit accepter tout brouillage radiolectrique subi, mme si le brouillage est susceptible den compromettre le fonctionnement. ic sar warning : english this equipment should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between the radiator and your body. arduino uno r4 minima 19 / 35 arduino uno r4 minima modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 french : lors de l installation et de l exploitation de ce dispositif, la distance entre le radiateur et le corps est d au moins 20 cm. important : the operating temperature of the eut cant exceed 85 and shouldnt be lower than - 40. hereby, arduino s. r. l. declares that this product is in compliance with essential requirements and other relevant provisions of directive 201453 / eu. this product is allowed to be used in all eu member states. 17 company information company name arduino s. r. l. company address via andrea appiani, 25 - 20900 monzaitaly ) 18 reference documentation ref link arduino