high concern ( svhc ) in any significant amounts as specified by the annex xvii of candidate list published by echa ( european chemical agency ) 1907 / 2006 / ec. arduino uno r4 minima 18 / 35 arduino uno r4 minima modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 15 conflict minerals declaration as a global supplier of electronic and electrical components, arduino is aware of our obligations with regards to laws and regulations regarding conflict minerals, specifically the dodd - frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, section 1502. arduino does not directly source or process conflict minerals such as tin, tantalum, tungsten, or gold. conflict minerals are contained in our products in the form of solder, or as a component in metal alloys. as part of our reasonable due diligence arduino has contacted component suppliers within our supply chain to verify their continued compliance with the regulations. based on the information received thus far we declare that our products contain conflict minerals sourced from conflict - free areas. 16 fcc caution any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the users authority to operate the equipment. this device complies with part 15 of the fcc rules. operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause harmful interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. fcc rf radiation exposure statement : 1. this transmitter must not be co - located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 2. this equipment complies with rf radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 3. this equipment should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between the radiator & your body. english : user manuals for licence - exempt radio apparatus shall contain the following or equivalent notice in a conspicuous location in the user manual or alternatively on the device or both. this device complies with industry canada licence - exempt rss standard ( s ). operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. french : le prsent appareil est conforme aux cnr dindustrie canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. lexploitation est autorise aux deux conditions suivantes : ( 1 ) l appareil nedoit pas pro