a4 and a5 have an internal pull up and default to be used as an i2c bus so usage as analog inputs is not recommended. 2. 3 power tree the board can be powered via usb connector, vin or vusb pins on headers. power tree note : since vusb feeds vin via a schottky diode and a dc - dc regulator specified minimum input voltage is 4. 5v the minimum supply voltage from usb has to be increased to a voltage in the range between 4. 8v to 4. 96v depending on the current being drawn. arduino nano 33 ble 6 / 12 arduino nano 33 ble modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 3 board operation 3. 1 getting started - ide if you want to program your nano 33 ble while offline you need to install the arduino desktop ide [ 1 ] to connect the nano 33 ble to your computer, youll need a micro - b usb cable. this also provides power to the board, as indicated by the led. 3. 2 getting started - arduino cloud editor all arduino boards, including this one, work out - of - the - box on the arduino cloud editor [ 2 ], by just installing a simple plugin. the arduino cloud editor is hosted online, therefore it will always be up - to - date with the latest features and support for all boards. follow [ 3 ] to start coding on the browser and upload your sketches onto your board. 3. 3 getting started - arduino cloud all arduino iot enabled products are supported on arduino cloud which allows you to log, graph and analyze sensor data, trigger events, and automate your home or business. 3. 4 sample sketches sample sketches for the nano 33 ble can be found either in the examples menu in the arduino ide or in arduino docs [ 4 ]. 3. 5 online resources now that you have gone through the basics of what you can do with the board you can explore the endless possibilities it provides by checking exciting projects on arduino project hub [ 5 ], the arduino library reference [ 6 ] and the online store [ 7 ] where you will be able to complement your board with sensors, actuators and more 3. 6 board recover all arduino boards have a built - in bootloader which allows flashing the board via usb. in case a sketch locks up the processor and the