1. this transmitter must not be co - located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 2. this equipment complies with rf radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 3. this equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator & your body. english : user manuals for license - exempt radio apparatus shall contain the following or equivalent notice in a conspicuous location in the user manual or alternatively on the device or both. this device complies with industry canada license - exempt rss standard ( s ). operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. french : le prsent appareil est conforme aux cnr dindustrie canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. lexploitation est autorise aux deux conditions suivantes : ( 1 ) l appareil nedoit pas produire de brouillage ( 2 ) lutilisateur de lappareil doit accepter tout brouillage radiolectrique subi, mme si le brouillage est susceptible den compromettre le fonctionnement. ic sar warning : english this equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20 cm between the radiator and your body. french : lors de l installation et de l exploitation de ce dispositif, la distance entre le radiateur et le corps est d au moins 20 cm. important : the operating temperature of the eut cant exceed 85 and shouldnt be lower than - 40. hereby, arduino s. r. l. declares that this product is in compliance with essential requirements and other relevant provisions of directive 2014 / 53 / eu. this product is allowed to be used in all eu member states. frequency bands maximum output power ( erp ) 863 - 870mhz 5. 47 dbm arduino nano 33 ble 11 / 12 arduino nano 33 ble modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 8 company information company name arduino s. r. l company address via andrea appiani 25 20900 monza italy 9 reference documentation reference link arduino ide ( desktop ) https : / / www. arduino. cc / en / software arduino cloud editor https : /