by just installing a simple plugin. the arduino cloud editor is hosted online, therefore it will always be up - to - date with the latest features and support for all boards. follow [ 3 ] to start coding on the browser and upload your sketches onto your board. 3. 3 getting started - arduino cloud all arduino iot enabled products are supported on arduino cloud which allows you to log, graph and analyze sensor data, trigger events, and automate your home or business. 3. 4 sample sketches sample sketches for the nano 33 ble can be found either in the examples menu in the arduino ide or in arduino docs [ 4 ]. 3. 5 online resources now that you have gone through the basics of what you can do with the board you can explore the endless possibilities it provides by checking exciting projects on arduino project hub [ 5 ], the arduino library reference [ 6 ] and the online store [ 7 ] where you will be able to complement your board with sensors, actuators and more 3. 6 board recover all arduino boards have a built - in bootloader which allows flashing the board via usb. in case a sketch locks up the processor and the board is not reachable anymore via usb it is possible to enter bootloader mode by double - tapping the reset button right after power up. arduino nano 33 ble 7 / 12 arduino nano 33 ble modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 4 connector pinouts pinout 4. 1 usb pin function type description 1 vusb power power supply input. if board is powered via vusb from header this is an output ( 1 ) 2 d - differential usb differential data - 3 d + differential usb differential data + 4 id analog selects host / device functionality 5 gnd power power ground 4. 2 headers the board exposes two 15 pin connectors which can either be assembled with pin headers or soldered through castellated vias. pin function type description 1 d13 digital gpio / built - in led 2 + 3v3 power out internally generated power output to external devices 3 aref analog analog reference ; can be used as gpio 4 a0 / dac0 analog adc in / dac out ; can be used as gpio 5 a1 analog adc in ; can be used as gpio 6 a2 analog adc in ; can be used as gpio 7 a3 analog adc in ; can be used