no exemptions are claimed. arduino boards are fully compliant with the related requirements of european union regulation ( ec ) 1907 / 2006 concerning the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals ( reach ). we declare none of the svhcs ( https : / / echa. europa. eu / web / guest / candidate - list - table ), the candidate list of substances of very high concern for authorization currently released by echa, is present in all products ( and also package ) in quantities totaling in a concentration equal or above 0. 1 %. to the best of our knowledge, we also declare that our products do not contain any of the substances listed on the " authorization list " ( annex xiv of the reach regulations ) and substances of very high concern ( svhc ) in any significant amounts as specified by the annex xvii of candidate list published by echa ( european chemical agency ) 1907 / 2006 / ec. arduino mega 2560 rev3 16 / 34 arduino mega 2560 rev3 modified : 19 / 06 / 2025 9 conflict minerals declaration as a global supplier of electronic and electrical components, arduino is aware of our obligations with regards to laws and regulations regarding conflict minerals, specifically the dodd - frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, section 1502. arduino does not directly source or process conflict minerals such as tin, tantalum, tungsten, or gold. conflict minerals are contained in our products in the form of solder, or as a component in metal alloys. as part of our reasonable due diligence arduino has contacted component suppliers within our supply chain to verify their continued compliance with the regulations. based on the information received thus far we declare that our products contain conflict minerals sourced from conflict - free areas. 10 fcc caution any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the users authority to operate the equipment. this device complies with part 15 of the fcc rules. operation is subject to the following two conditions : ( 1 ) this device may not cause harmful interference ( 2 ) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. fcc rf radiation exposure statement : 1. this transmitter must not be co - located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 2. this equipment complies with rf radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 3. this equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator & your